{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12940\viewh11460\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 COMPETITIVE RESEARCH\
\
5 Comparable apps:\
	Project Color - Augmented Reality wall painter app.\
	Magic Plan - Augmented Reality app for taking dimensions of rooms and placing digital furniture.\
	Flight HUD - Head\'92s Up Display using camera to replicate pilot point of view app.\
	W.A.R.1 - Geotag-based augmented reality app.\
	Warp Runner - Target-based augmented reality shooter app.\
\
+ / delta analysis:\
	Project Color - \
		Positives:\
			Basic functionality - painting selected walls - works really well.\
			The menus on the top and bottom leave most of the screen area dedicated to the camera POV.\
			Button/menu contain open to show multiple functionality.\
	\
		Negative:\
			The app only offers one utility - i.e. all it does is paint things.\
			The sub menus cover the entire screen.\
			The \'93Take a photo\'94 button takes up way to much screen space.\
\
	Flight HUD - \
		Positives:\
			Cool looking and dynamic POV overlay.\
			Simple, easy to intemperate display.\
\
		Negatives:\
			No functionality.\
			No UI.\
\
Personas:\
	Who are they? They are smart, information driven individuals; multi-taskers.\
	\
	Needs/Goals/Problems: Currently, a user must glance from the real world, to device, and back repeatedly if the information being displayed is contextually relevant to the real world situation. This constant back-and-forth is the problem, the need is a solution for that problem, and the goal is to come up with a sleek easy use and highly functional app as a solution.\
	\
	Stories, Scenarios & Frustrations: \
		(1) The Driver: A passenger in a car needs to see the outside environment and maps and emailed instructions all at once. This is not usually possible. Typically, the person must use a smart phone to see either maps or email, but not both and not at the same time. Most importantly the user must constantly glance from the road to the device and back. Problems arise because, for example, when traveling on the high-way the outside environment changes rapidly \'97 in the time it takes to look down at a device, check the map, then check instructions in  an email and then look up the exit or road may have passed.\
		(2) The Student: A person who is at a lecture needs to be able to constantly see the lecturer or screen. But they also need to able to see relevant information like supporting docs, charts, graphs, pictures, etc. Typically, when the user has a device they they must continuously switch their attention from looking up at the lecturer or down at the device. Problems arise when the lecturer points to something or shows something and the person misses it because they were looking down at their device. \
\
User Questions:\
	Title - Omni-Vision User Research and Feature Development\
	\
	Background - This is a HUD app that should feel like and AR app that would be deployed on smart glasses. The basic idea is that when a user needs information from their device that is relevant to the surrounding real world environment they must continuously switch from looking up at the world and down at their device \'97 and in the time it takes to do this either the the real world context can change, or the digital information is not available without looking away from the real world. Essentially users sometimes need to see real world and their digital information at the same time, but currently they cannot do this - the Omni-Vision app provides a solution to this problem.\
	\
	Study Goal: Asses what features (APIs, content providers, etc.) a user finds to be relevant in real world situations. And asses what an optimal UI and UX would be like.\
	\
	Research Questions: \
		\'93So this app allows you to see digital information presented along side a view of the real wold.\'94\
		(1) When do you find text and pictures, or video to be relevant in a given situation \'97 what makes the information being presented in your field of view more helpful then having to constantly look up and down from your device to the real world?\
		(2) What about a UI makes it easy and intuitive to use when are staying focused on what going on around you?\
		(3) What digital information would be relevant to you in the context of viewing the real world?\
		(4) Since you could just hold up your device in your line-of-sight, the difference between doing that and using this app would be that this app allows you to see multiple sources of digital information at once. What would make a good experience of seeing multiple sources of digital information at the same as opposed to navigating on the device and taking your attention away from the real world environment?\
		(5) Would you prefer to tap on items within a menu that is always visible, or tap on one (at most two) buttons which then expand to show more button options?\
\
	Methodology: The participants to will be read an introduction about what the app does. They will then be shown a version of the paper prototype. Next they will be asked the 5 Research Questions.\
	\
	Participants: The target audience is tech-savvy users, generally love high-tech, and are probably early-adopters, people who are busy and love to multitask.\
\
	Script: Lead with statement contained within Methodology, and then read Research Questions. \
\
		\
		\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}